{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww12560\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
This system will provide the students and educators in the department of cinematic arts persistently collect information that will aid them in the courses they take, or teach. For students, it will be a useful tool that will help them in their coursework. For teachers, it will be a useful tool that will help them in developing and grading coursework. \
\
One of the assumptions we make is that the user will update the information in the database before retrieving any information, as the system would be most useful to the user when they have the most recent information. Having the users update information manually presents the potential risk of them not updating the database over a long period of time. This may seem like a trivial issue, however if the user were a teacher and they needed to utilize the system in order to fact check a students work they would not have the pertinent information available in our database. The same could be said for a student who need the information provided by the database for their coursework.\
\
Another assumption that we are making is that the parser will work perfectly in order to find the relevant query from the user\'92s entered script, without compromising the user experience with long wait times. If the parser doesn\'92t work perfectly, then the user experience with our system will take a large hit. They could potentially not get the information they desire in a timely manner, or not get information that is relevant to their query. However, we will work hard to make sure that user\'92s experience is a positive as can be.\
\
\
\
\
}